AUTISM AWARENESS; An INFOMATIONAL RESOURCE AND DISCUSSION PLATFORM WITH THERAPEUTIC POINTERS.


Prelude
 
We like to be respectful of the stance taken by the individuals directly impacted by this condition, that
the logo with the jigsaw puzzle is in no way an indication of discarding, overlooking your views and stance on the subject and how
Autism has been presented or branded in the past.

The jig saw puzzle was adopted in 1963 in the United Kingdom as a symbol to create Awareness for Autism and was later taken up by Autism Speaks in America. 
Today, it has become a common them running through most of the recognizable symbols for the CAUSE.

The need for the awareness of the autism which in our view is a" pandemic" and cannnot be overemphasized, since it touches 
and impacts people ALL acccross the globe.Families affected by a diagnosis of autism scramble to find answers and information, and
are forced to sift through myths and tonnes of information to find the needed answers. Although Autism is not
a "death sentence", it can be overwhelming for individuals directly or indirectly impacted by it.
 
It is in this light that this website is being  built as; (GOAL(s)For this Site)

1.INFORMATION page 
2.Discussion forum / or platform
3.Links for 
a.Resources for living with or Coping mechanisms 
b.Therapeutic pointers for individulas living with Autism, or by people directly impacted and their families.


*It is pertinent to note that these are pointers from already researched processes, and contributions of people with
 verified or clinical insights on this condition as well as clinically unproven individual contributions*.


INTRODUCTION

Autism is a very serious and sensitive "pandemic" that touches billions of people accross the globe directly or indirectly.
1 in every 160 people are affected  by autism.
In America, an estimated 5.5 million people are diagnosed with autism, according to staticstics from Autism Speaks Organization.
It is extremely alarming in that 1 out of 54 children are diagnozed with the autism in America alone.




 



